hey everyone
welcome back to movie recap today i'm
gonna show you a movie
titled texas chainsaw 3d it is a 2013
american slasher horror film directed by
john lewis and hopp
with a screenplay by adam marcus deborah
sullivan and kirsten elms
the movie is about a young busty woman
travels to texas to collect an
inheritance
little does she know that an encounter
with a chainsaw wielding killer is part
of the reward
let's start
[Music]
the movie opens with a montage of the
original movie
we see each kill happen in 3d as it did
in the original movie
it also shows the infamous final scene
from the original movie with sally
riding away in the back of the pickup
truck
while leatherface swings his chainsaw
maniacally in the middle of the road
next we cut to a police car pulling up
in front of the sawyer house behind
another car
inside the first car is the carson
family cousins
aunt uncle to the sawyers they run
inside and barricade the door and hold
up
arms along with the sawyer family
sheriff hooper arrives outside the
sawyer family house
driving a police car and he shouts to
them that he only wants the boy
jed aka leatherface he says that the
woman said
that a man with a chainsaw killed all
her friends drayton sawyer shouts
that they were trying to protect their
family hooper constantly tells him that
he needs to take the boy into custody
and that things don't need to get out of
hand
drayton thinks it over after members of
the family agree to give up jed
so drayton goes into another room and
shouts a jed telling him
that he has to go out there and give
himself up just then a group of
townspeople from the town of new texas
led by mayor bert hartmann who have come
with one thing in mind
to kill the entire family as drayton and
the family prepare to surrender
bird and other townspeople begin to
attack by setting the house ablaze and
shooting through the house
pretty much all of the family is killed
in the chaos despite sheriff hooper's
attempts to stop them
we see loretta sawyer cradling a baby
attempting to protect it but one of the
bullets flies through the windows
and goes through her right shoulder and
the babies
after the chaos dies down at nighttime
and the house is burned down
we see gavin miller stumble upon a
barely alive loretta who is still
holding on to the baby
gavin takes the baby from her and kills
loretta by kicking her directly in the
face
he runs to his wife arlene saying that
he found a baby
and that they should adopt her they
decide to name the baby
heather in the present day adult heather
miller is working in the meat section of
a grocery store
she is interrupted by her friend nikki
who is super excited about a trip
that they are taking to new orleans
heather goes home to her grungy looking
apartment where ryan is sparring on a
punching bag
we see that heather has strange pieces
of art that include bones and a lot of
black paint
ryan gets her to relax from being
stressed about the trip
by making out with her just as they are
about to have a meat injection
session they are interrupted by a knock
at the door ryan goes to answer and get
some mail for heather
which is a will for her it states that
her grandmother is dead
and has left a house for her however
heather is confused
because her grandparents died years ago
she goes to confront her parents who
reveal to her
that she was adopted they warn her not
to go to texas
but she completely pissed and hurt
leaves and goes back home to ryan
when she arrives she tells ryan she has
to go to texas
to learn more about the house and her
real family ryan doesn't object at all
and surprises her when kenny and nikki
appear offering to go with them
so they drive towards texas and on the
way they stop at a gas station
and accidentally hit someone walking
with the van it's pouring outside
and the guy introduces himself as daryl
he says that to forget about them
hitting him
that they can just drop him off when
they get to texas and he even offers gas
money
so they figure what the hell and let him
come along
when they finally reach the house they
are met at the gates by farnsworth who
gives her a keychain full of keys
one huge one in particular and he also
gives her a letter from her deceased
grandmother verna
and advises her to read it immediately
he goes on his way
and they go through the gate the house
is stunning and filled with antiques
they explore the house and decide that
they should get some food from a local
store that may be around
daryl offers to stay behind and set all
their bags up for them
and he also gives them some money for
food they leave him at the house
and go into town after they leave daryl
immediately starts stuffing things from
inside the house into his bag
he's obviously a thief scam artist he
explores through the house and uses the
keys
to get to every door however he wonders
what the large key goes to
and goes all throughout the house until
finally he stumbles upon a hidden room
behind a wall
he goes into the room which leads him to
a door he uses the big key on the door
and goes down into a wine cellar of some
sort and when he gets there he sees a
bunch of weird items
including a plate with old rotted food
sitting outside a large metal door
he tries to open the metal door various
ways but it doesn't give
as he looks for something to pry it open
with he turns back to the metal door and
leather face appears and strikes him
over the head with a hammer
he bashes his head in repeatedly with a
hammer on the floor until he is dead
while in town shopping for things
heather is approached outside a store by
deputy carl hartman
who is clearly attracted to her heather
tells carl where she's staying
and the mayor who is burt hartman from
earlier in the film
overhears this and asks her if she's
related to the sawyers
she lies and says no and quickly leaves
with her friends
when they arrive back at the house they
see that everything is a wreck
they deduce that daryl must have been a
thief and robbed them and left
their relax since it wasn't anything
extremely valuable missing
and have a few drinks later in the
evening kenny starts making up some
stakes as night falls
ryan is in the study playing on the pool
table nikki is outside smoking and
eyeing ryan from the window and heather
is exploring the house upstairs
while kenny is cooking he notices the
wall door that daryl went through
and he walks through he calls out to
ryan but ryan has music playing very
loud
so he can't hear him kenny walks down
into the cellar
and sees daryl's bag in the pool of
blood he calls out for daryl
but doesn't get a response then when he
steps into the room with the metal door
he sees the metal door is wide open as
he walks through it he steps into a dark
hallway
suddenly leatherface jumps out of the
darkness and chases kenny
kenny gets halfway up the stairs when
leatherface shoves a hook through his
back
he drags him downstairs and kenny's
screams are drowned out by the loud
music
on another scene nikki take ryan outside
into a barn house in the back
when they get back there she points to a
bucket covering something
when ryan removes the bucket he sees
there is a bottle of wine and two
glasses there
he turns around and is shocked to see
nicki standing half-naked
and they proceed to have a meat
injection session back in the house
heather is upstairs and stumbles into a
room where the corpse of grandma verna
is sitting in a chair decomposing she
screams and runs downstairs to find
everyone
but she sees the house is empty when she
runs into the kitchen
she sees leather face she screams and he
grabs her
and tosses her onto the kitchen floor
knocked her out
when she's awake she is now in a room in
the cellar and we see leather face
cutting up daryl's body in pieces
then we see him hang kenny's body up on
a hook and saw his body in half
heather quickly jumps up and runs up the
stairs leather face chases after close
behind
she falls down the front stairs when she
gets outside and runs to the back of the
house which is a graveyard full of the
sawyer
carson family she finds an unfinished
grave with a coffin and climbs inside
as leatherface stalks the graveyard he
hears heather crying
and jumps on top of the coffin and
begins cutting into it
brian and nikki step out of the barn
house after hearing the chainsaw
and they see leatherface cutting into
something they call out to him asking
who he is
and when he sees them he stops cutting
into the coffin and runs toward them
they quickly run back into the barn
house and barricade the door
ryan finds a shovel and nikki finds a
loaded shotgun
she shoots through the door as leather
face tries to cut through
she shouts welcome to texas [ __ ]
suddenly
it gets quiet they see a pair of lights
through the door
and the van suddenly crashes through the
barn house it's heather
they quickly jump in and ryan drives
through the barn and towards the front
gate
he tries to ram it but to no avail as
leather face catches up to them
ryan backs the car up so the gate can
open automatically
and they drive through it just as they
do leatherface manages to cut through
the front tire and the side of the van
this causes the van to flip over and
crash just as they get about 15
feet from him heather looks over and we
see ryan is dead
she and nikki scream as leather face
tries to cut through the van
he even goes so far as flipping it onto
its side
heather is able to climb out through one
of the windows leatherface cuts nikki on
the side a little
and heather gets his attention this
distracts him and he begins to chase
heather through the woods
she manages to reach a fence which leads
to a carnival on the other side
and she hops it leather face doesn't
stop and he cuts through the fence
chasing her through the carnival as
people run all over screaming
she gets to the mini ferris wheel and
jumps up and grabs onto one of the seats
as it lifts her up
leather face waits on the other side as
she begins to descend back down
but just as she gets close to him
officer carl orders him to freeze
leatherface tosses his chainsaw at carl
and he ducks just in time
carl takes heather to the police station
for questioning
there we see sheriff hooper waiting and
when she describes leather face he is
shocked and begins to think jed must
still be alive after all these years
she also admits that she just found she
was a sawyer
carl pulls a box labeled evidence and
sits it on the table saying there is
some crazy stuff in it about the sawyers
carson's hobbs orders carl to leave and
go look for the maniac
the mayor shows up and demands to speak
with hooper so he leaves heather alone
while he goes to talk to him
as soon as he leaves heather begins to
go through the evidence box that carl
pulled
and she sees how her entire family was
killed without a fair trial by the
townspeople
and the mayor and her adoptive mom and
dad she reads about the entire incident
that took place that night meanwhile one
of the police officers was investigating
the crashed van
and tells hooper that no one is at the
van hooper orders him to stay at the
site
but the officer sees a trail of blood
that leads down the road
and he follows it the officer informs
him that the blood led back to the house
the mayor orders him on the walkie
talkie to follow the blood
and turns on a video call so the mayor
and hobbes can see what he sees
as he follows the blood into the cellar
and down a dark hallway he comes upon
the room where kenny
daryl and ryan lay dead and butchered he
is shocked by what just he saw
the officer runs back up the stairs of
the house but he is attacked by leather
face who bludgeons him with an axe
and then begins to chop into his back
repeatedly mayor burke decides to
confront heather saying she must have
something to do with this
as hooper tries to stop him from going
into the room where she was left
they see the evidence from the night the
sawyers were killed sprawled all over
the
table and heather has written the word
murderers on one of the sheets
heather is on the streets of the town
and she reaches a pay phone and calls
farnsworth
she tells him that she knows everything
and he tells her to meet him at a local
bar when they media informs her that he
warned her to read the letter
immediately
because verna detailed everything she
needed to know he also informs her that
jed
knows she is still alive but he doesn't
know who she is
suddenly the mayor arrives and chases
her out the bar
she grabs a knife before she runs out
and just as she reaches the street the
mayor's partner
ollie hits her with his car he jumps out
to grab her but she quickly slashes his
face with the knife
and makes a run for it heather gets a
good distance
and then runs into officer carl she asks
him to get her to the bar
so she can help farnsworth and warns him
that the mayor is after her
she hops in the back seat and carl
drives towards the bar
they see farnsworth outside and he sees
them but karl keeps going
heather shouts at him and then realizes
he's helping the mayor
when the mayor calls his phone she also
discovers
that the mayor is carl's father the
mayor tells carl over the cb radio to
bring her to the old slaughterhouse
that the sawyers used to own little do
they know that leather face has a cb
radio in a truck and overhears this
he grabs his best chainsaw and goes out
into the night
when carl arrives at the slaughterhouse
he goes to tie heather up from some
ropes
when she tries to attack him he
accidentally rips her shirt down the
middle
but she stays tied up he leaves her
there and tapes her mouth shut
then we see leather faces behind heather
and he places his chainsaw on her
shoulder
she tries to scream but they are muffled
by the tape
he steps in front of her and revs the
chainsaw
as he gets closer and closer to her with
it he stops and notices the bullet scar
on her shoulder
he removes the tape from her mouth and
she begins to beg and plead with him
repeatedly
telling that she is his cousin
leatherface is shocked by this
but cuts her free just as ollie and the
mayor arrive and begin to beat the crap
out of leather face
heather makes a run for it the mayor
wraps a chain around his neck
and tells ali to power it on the chain
leads into a giant meat grinder
ali runs to go power it on and just as
he does he is attacked by heather who
shoves a pitchfork through his body and
kills
him as the chain begins to pull leather
face closer to the meat grinder
heather shows up and tosses him his
chainsaw leather face uses it to cut the
chain and free himself
he rises up and cuts both of the mayor's
ankles with the chainsaw
the mayor falls onto the ground and
begins to crawl backwards
unknowingly towards the grinder hooper
shows up with a gun
and sees the chaos the mayor constantly
yells for him to shoot
but hooper slowly lowers his gun when he
sees heather shouting for him
not to shoot and he leaves the mayor to
die the mayor ends up crawling back into
the grinder
and is shredded to pieces
[Music]
back at the sawyer house we see
leatherface sitting slumped in a chair
and heather is standing next to him
she tries to touch his face but he gets
up and goes down into the cellar
heather finally reads verna's letter
which in flashback
verna carson details that jed is the
only blood relative she has left now
and that whether she chooses to stay or
not she should never forget where her
home is
we see heather go down into the cellar
she stares at leatherface face to face
as she grabs his tray of old food and
goes upstairs
she has decided to stay the movie ends
as leatherface grabs the metal door
and slams it shut in a post-credits
scene gavin and arlene show up at the
mansion to see heather
greedily seeking a share of her assets
as they wait by the door
leatherface comes out with his chainsaw
thanks for watching see you in another
movie recap
please like and subscribe and click the
bell icon to get new video updates
have a nice day
[Music]
you